hi Rosie friends its Julie I thought I
would just take the opportunity to
update you on how my experiment is going
with the red and amber light therapy
plus the green that follows it I will
put if you haven't seen the original
video I'll put a link to it right here
basically I've been using the red and
amber for a while now and it has been
keeping my flare-ups under control it
has been keeping the redness it brought
the redness down to a certain amount but
I had been kind of discussing with some
other people the whole concept of light
therapy and things like that and we got
to talking and it looks like we've kind
of came up with a little theory that
green light might help to get rid of
some of the permanent redness that's on
my face a little bit on anybody's face
if it has some permanent redness from
rosacea so I thought that I would test
that out and just see how it would go on
my own face so I'm trying to do it as
scientifically as I can I did do a video
on the actual method I've been using I
will put a link to that right here so
now it has been I'm not sure how many
days I didn't write that down before the
video but I'll put that somewhere on the
screen how long it's been and how many
days I did miss a day I missed it about
two weeks in and then I hopped right
back on and got back to it but I thought
I would just show you my face and what
it looks like now in the original video
I did show a picture of my face and I'm
showing you live what it looks like
so as you can see there is still the
redness there is still be sort of empty
band here like it just stops right there
for whatever reason like the the mask of
redness seems to go there and then stop
right there and then it comes down it
doesn't seem to like the redness that's
all my nose right here that's just for
my glasses sitting on on my nose that's
exactly where they go but yeah I do have
a little bit of um it looks to me like
pimples but it's not acting like the
pustules or the papules that normally
come with rosacea so I don't know if
it's just that the rest of its fading
out and these little dots have stayed a
little bit brighter or what exactly
those are they I do look a little bit
spotty now but they're they don't look
like the normal ones that come with my
rosacea so if you have any thoughts on
that then um please share in the
comments below I think it just could be
I think the redness is fading but it's
not fading evenly so I'm hoping it'll
just all continue to fade to my relief I
do think that it is fading into my
relief I had thought that there might be
some little of veining and like the
little whatever they're called the
little capillaries that would start
showing up when the the vibrant redness
kind of went down I thought they would
stand out more and it turns out there
aren't any under there so that was quite
a relief and you can see my freckles are
still showing through right here in here
where they have they originally revealed
themselves when I was using the dual
care for the first time so that was kind
of funny and they're they're still there
yeah so um that's the progress so far
I'm finding it very easy to do instead
of doing the old school one to like
three different sides that I had been
doing when I originally got the dual
care I'm just doing this side and this
side instead of doing it straight on
from the side I'm doing it kind of
diagonally from the front so that I can
cover because it's just this much of my
face and then this much of my face that
I'm actually trying to treat um down the
middle for me is totally fine because I
don't have it I'm fortunate I don't have
it on my nose and chin so I thought that
I would just update you on the progress
and tell you that that's how it's going
so far it does seem to be doing some
good things I think that it's the green
light doing it I don't know why it would
be the red and amber doing more suddenly
than it had
been since I've been used using it
previously but um whatever it is whether
it's the red amber and green together or
if it's the fact that I'm following it
up with the green that seems to me it
seems to be fading it a little bit it's
definitely not a huge dramatic fade so
far but then I'm not done the entire
three months either I'm not even close
also I thought I would point out on the
super hot days that I have been using
the light therapy when I did the red and
amber because I'm trying to do it pretty
close I'm doing it between 6 & 7 inches
away from my face because I'm doing that
because the test is really to see I know
that some people flare up after red I
don't really I did back when I was doing
red on its own but with the red and
amber combination I don't seem to have
that problem so I spent holding it about
as close as I'm comfortable doing to try
to almost promote the reaction from the
light or the heat from the actual bulb
itself which is very mild but it's
Farren's for some people it doesn't take
much yeah so I've been trying to do that
very closely I did find that I started
to react a little bit from having it
very very close but if I had an
oscillating fan and in front of me that
seemed to be enough so I don't think it
was from the light I think it was from
the heat from the bulb that seemed to me
enough to take it away but that's
because it was a super hot day already I
think it was 30-something degrees
Celsius when I was doing it it doesn't
seem to be doing it now and the green
light I took away whatever extra redness
the light was causing that the
oscillating fan didn't um didn't ease
off so I did find that if you do
struggle with if you're using bread or
using red or amber try putting a fan on
because it might actually be your heat
from the light itself from the lamp and
not the actual wavelengths that are
causing you to flare up a little bit
it's worth trying anyway if you've been
having problems that otherwise the green
does seem to relax that on my face I
don't know if that would happen with
everybody but um and it doesn't mean
that you have to get the the light that
I have there are other green light
products out there as well but um I just
happen to like that one brand because
I'm comfortable with it and I've used
quite a few of their products now
but yeah so that's how it's going so far
none of this is scientific or conclusive
and just because it's worked for me it
doesn't mean it'll work for everybody
but I thought that I would just share
the update because I'm hoping it's
interesting for people I'm hoping that
it'll help you understand like there be
a little bit more through me and help
you to decide whether or not it's right
for you it'll at least give you
something to talk about with your doctor
or dermatologist yeah so I hope you like
this video I hope it helped you if you
did please give it a thumbs up and if
you'd like to see more videos like this
I make videos every Sunday and Thursday
so please subscribe to my channel that I
will see you next time